Add Concept Exercise: `red-vs-blue-darwin-style` (#356)
exercism/cairo: exercises/concept/red-vs-blue-darwin-style/.docs/instructions.md

# Instructions

Management are starting to apply Darwinian principles to a Remote Control Car project.

The developers have been split into two teams, _Red_ and _Blue_, and are tasked with improving the design independently of each other.

They don't need to concern themselves with design decisions of the other team.

You have been asked to take a look at the code and see how you can best combine the two efforts for testing purposes.

## 1. Find a more appropriate way of isolating the code of the two teams

Please use modules to better express the intention of the code.

Currently, important types like `Motor` and `Telemetry`, not to mention `RemoteControlCar` itself, are prefixed with the appropriate team's color `<Color>RemoteControlCarTeam`.

The only purpose of the prefix is to allow types with the same name to coexist in the program.

That is better expressed by using a module.

You will see that, for these purposes, a module has advantages over prefixing types.

## 2. Simplify the naming system

> Whilst management are adamant that the teams should be called "Red Remote Control Car Team" and "Blue Remote Control Car Team" in the definitions and that these longs names should even be used in the code itself, the names are rather cumbersome when referencing the teams.

Reviewer: "whilst" and "adamant" are not commonly used English words. Unless you're tied to these, consider something simpler.
```suggestion
Management requires that the teams should be called "Red Remote Control Car Team" and "Blue Remote Control Car Team" in the definitions, and that these longs names should even be used in the code itself.
However, the names are rather cumbersome when referencing the teams.
```

> Whilst management are adamant that the teams should be called "Red Remote Control Car Team" and "Blue Remote Control Car Team" in the definitions and that these longs names should even be used in the code itself, the names are rather cumbersome when referencing the teams.

Author: This review is outdated, you may need to refresh your browser

The developers have been split into two teams, _Red_ and _Blue_, and are tasked with improving the design independently of each other.

They don't need to concern themselves with design decisions of the other team.

You have been asked to take a look at the code and see how you can best combine the two efforts for testing purposes.

## 1. Find a more appropriate way of isolating the code of the two teams

Please use modules to better express the intention of the code.

Currently, important types like `Motor` and `Telemetry`, not to mention `RemoteControlCar` itself, are prefixed with the appropriate team's color `<Color>RemoteControlCarTeam`.

The only purpose of the prefix is to allow types with the same name to coexist in the program.

That is better expressed by using a module.

You will see that, for these purposes, a module has advantages over prefixing types.

## 2. Simplify the naming system

Management requires that the teams should be called "Red Remote Control Car Team" and "Blue Remote Control Car Team" in the definitions, and that these longs names should even be used in the code itself.

> However, the names are rather cumbersome when referencing the teams.

Author: ```suggestion

However, the names are rather cumbersome when referencing the teams.
```

# Instructions

> Management are starting to apply Darwinian principles to a Remote Control Car project.

Reviewer: Should these four paragraphs be one paragraph? You don't need a new paragraph for every sentence -- especially when a sentence is continuing a prior thought like the "However" and "Alternatively" sentence below.

Author: I just remembered that when I was first creating this track, I saw some other tracks using the same convention and adopted it.

Reviewer: The Exercism convention is that each sentence should be a new line.

Sentences vs paragraphs shouldn't be a "convention" but a grammar thing. Related sentences should be grouped into a paragraph.

If this style is used everywhere, it's probably worth fixing up over time.
